Include Solid-compatible app Criteria (#211)
solid/solidproject.org: pages/use-solid/apps.md

These Solid-compatible apps will store your data on [your own Pod]({{site.baseUrl}}/use-solid).

The criteria for an app to be Solid-compatible are: 
* If identifying users is necessary, they must be able to login using their WebID and pointing to the Identity Provider of their choice

> * Data consumed by the app should be fetched from Solid Pods

Reviewer: I would remove this requirement, or make it optional; data can come from many places.

* Data generated by the app should be stored in Solid Pods

> * The interaction between the app, the Identity Provider and the Storage Provider(s) (who host Pods) must be compliant with the Solid spec

Reviewer: There is no actual interaction with storage providers.

```suggestion
* The interaction between the app, pods, and Identity Provider(s) must be compliant with the Solid specification
```

These Solid-compatible apps will store your data on [your own Pod]({{site.baseUrl}}/use-solid).

# Apps inclusion and exclusion criteria

The criteria for an app to be Solid-compatible are: 
* If identifying users is necessary, they must be able to login using their WebID and pointing to the Identity Provider of their choice
* Data consumed by the app should be fetched from Solid Pods if possible
* Data generated by the app should be stored in Solid Pods
* The interaction between the app, pods, and Identity Provider(s) must be compliant with the Solid specification

Please note that apps falling into the following categories will not be listed on this page, even if they match the criteria above:
* Apps intentionally or indirectly causing harm to anyone

> * Apps which purpose would be widely considered unethical

Reviewer: grammar seems off

* Apps designed to enable the generation and/or dissemination of hate speech
* Apps encouraging stereotypes or violent behaviours towards any person or group
* Apps having malicious intent, such as data theft
* Apps designed to fullfill illegal purposes, such as drug traffic, stolen information exchange, extorsion...

> * Apps sharing users' information with any thrid-party without user consent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Apps sharing users' information with any third-party without user consent
```
